Disable predictive capacity alerts by default (#94)
appuio/component-openshift4-monitoring: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

This parameter allows users to enable and configure alerts for capacity management.
The capacity alerts are disabled by default and can be enabled by setting the key `capacityAlerts.enabled` to `true`.

> Predictive alerts are disabled by default and can be enabled, as exampled by `ExpectClusterCpuUsageHigh.enabled` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Predictive alerts are disabled by default.
They can be enabled individually as shown in the example by setting field `<AlertName>.enabled` to `true`.
```

> Also, `CpuCapacity` alerts are also disabled by default, only required for compute heavy clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, all `CpuCapacity` alerts are disabled by default.
They're only required for compute heavy clusters.
```

I don't agree that "CpuCapacity" alerts are only required for compute heavy clusters. What's the actual reason for disabling the non-predictive CpuCapacity alert by default?
